{"id":"49830117","author":"aytigra","text":"If I tell claude code to do some task with a really hard to achieve goal, and force it to run until it achieves it, then it will generate all kinds of plans and goals how to do it, and while trying those goals will change, including attempts to cheat or break the hard rules (harness killing tool-calls with some limited heuristics). At the same time any soft rules (AGENTS.md) are easily ignored or interpreted in a way that will allow it to ignore them, or simply forgotten or deferred (\"I broke some rules, do you want me to backtrack?\"), it is a daily occurrence. And it is easy to imagine that such goals could transform into \"acquire more compute\", \"run more agents\" \"prevent interference from external factors\" and everything following after that."}
{"id":"49821482","author":"bayarearefugee","text":"> Could this work in the real world? Absolutely not. Three reasons: latency, latency, and latency. That and also the fact that (in spite of their usefulness) LLMs still so often do incredibly dumb shit without thinking of the consequences that the idea of having them drive in public is absurd. Recently was using claude code&#x2F;opus 5 to diagnose an intermittent wi-fi connection problem and one of the first things it did was to bring the adapter down.  The wi-fi adapter was the only way the system was communicating with the outside world so claude effectively disconnected its own brain as step 1 in figuring out what was going wrong.  Things did not progress well from there.   Easy enough to clean up its mess in this case, but luckily it wasn't driving a heavy killing machine at the time."}
{"id":"49819493","author":"naw103","text":"I encountered similar issues before I built Foremerge, ie auto router, orchestrater and shared blackboard type memory structure. The agents were aware of what was put into memory but still did their own thing and created conflicts. I still see it in claude code today when it creates subagents without Foremerge setup for the project. It resolves itself but you can see it burning through token usage to do so. If your using a single agent you dont necessarily need Foremerge but it still helps when subagents get created automatically and gives you the audit trail of intent decisions essentially at almost zero cost of having the tool installed.\nWhere Foremerge really shines is if you bounce back and forth between claude and codex with no single parent. I dont know Weave well enough to know where it sits. The question I'd ask about any of them is what happens if you kill it? If the agents stop then it's an orchastrator, if the agents continue and you just loosed the shared picture then its a coordinator like Foremerge. How many sessions do you typically run at once and are they all children of the same parent?"}
